1.main.ts is the first app that starts and it bootstraps the Appmodule. angular 2 modules to structure more complex application.

2.appmodule tells which part of application should work.
3.ngmodule decorator in this appmodule . declaration holds all components and directives 
4.imports- imports inbuilt modules.
5.providers - for services in app.
6.bootstrap- specifies which actually gets loaded first.

7.Then appcomponent will take care of the directive used in index.html

8. We used here bootstrap for more styling,
9 installed it using- npm install --save bootstrap and add the file in the angular-cli.json class in the style section
10. to create component in cli: ng g c market. Here g= generate, c= component or ng g c component --is --spec false, is= inline styles( so no extra css file will be created) spec false = no spec.ts will be created

11.declare and import the new component in app module
-> cli automatically does it. Otherwise do it manually

12.styles in a particular component works for that particular component
13.For global styles, add styles in styles.css file.

14.Service= it is basically a class which can be used by multiple component. It is put in shared folder.this is like a common repository for our code
15.We created service and put our data and a model which initialise the service. service has array of collectables of collectable datatypedefine in model.

16.market component is using the service in its constructor. as soon as this component gets loaded, constructor asks for the service defined.
17.now we have to add service in the providers metadata component. we can either do this in market component or in app module.
18.in app module, the instance of service is available to all the components while if we do it in market component, it is limited to market component only

19.Routing-> We have to make a separate file for routing our components in diff tab
20.syntax as shown in routing.ts file.
21.fullpath is used to match the complete string, otherwise the default path will 
22.keep on redirectly every time coz there is always null string present in between
23.In header.html file, routerlink is used in place of <a> tags and routerLinkActive is default angular property and active is bootstrap which highlights which tab is opened.
24.in app.module, routing is importing and in the app.component.html, individual components are replaced with <router-outlet></router-outlet>
 the bounded routing components will work in this.