main.ts is the first app that starts and it bootstraps the Appmodule. angular 2 modules to strcuture more complex application.
appmodule tells which part of application should work.
 ngmodule decorator in this appmodule . declaration holds all components and directives 
 imports- imports inbuilt modules.
 providers - for services in app.
 bootstrap- specifies which actually gets loaded first.

 Then appcomponenet will take care of the directive used in index.html

 WE used here bootstrap for more styling,
 installed it using- npm install --save bootstrap
 and add the file in the angular-cli.json class in the style section

to create componenet in cli

ng g c market 
g= generate, c= componenet

ng g c componenet --is --spec false
is= inline styles( so no extra css file will be created)
spec false = no spec.tss will be created

declare and import the new componenet in app module
-> cli automatically does it

styles in a particluar componenet works for that particluar componenet
For global styles, add styles in styles.css file.

Service= it is basically a class which can be used by multiple
componenet. It is put in shared folder.this is like a common respository for our code
We created service and put our data and a model which initialise the service. service has array of collectables of collectable datatypedefine in model.

marketcomponent is using the service in its constructor. as soon as this componenet gets loaded, constructor asks for the service defined.
now we have to add service in the providers metadata componenet
we can either do this in market componenet or in app module.
in app module, the instance of service is avaialable to all the components
while if we do it in marketcomponent, it is limited to marketcomponent only


Routing->
We have to make a separate file for rotuing our components in diff tab
syntax as shown in routing.ts file.
fullpath is used to match the complete string, otherwise the default path will 
keep on redirectly everytime coz there is always null string present in between

In header.html file, routerlink is used in place of <a> tags and routerLinkActive is 
default angular property and active is bootstrap which highlits which tab is opened.

in app.module, routing is importing and in the app.component.html, individual components are replaced with <router-outlet></router-outlet>
 the bounded routing components will work in this.